[Music]
if you could only choose one hip or hop
I'll take hop if we could put together
be hip-hop that still is funk the one
destroyed powers activating it is that's
hard where the goosebumps go oh that's a
good one that's a good one
um I could give you a scientific
billionaire to me good please
so ghouls bones first they pop up to
make their parents and then a pop down
so just go back down yeah got it down
what kind of lazy that's how science
which vegetable would make the best
weapon hmm I would say uh corn on a cob
no but Sears the table itself I mean you
can kill somebody with a squash although
about do damn cord or the car wash this
is often a medic really that's why they
call it a squash the big thing then this
yellow and it looks like a it's a squash
that's a scary I think you could crack
some body hair wide open with it okay
you can't crack nobody no I think so not
my eye I take my serach black raspberry
the answer to all of life's ridiculous
questions
[Music]
Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at 11:35
10:35 central on ABC
[Applause]